Good afternoon everyone, nice to meet you all. 
Today we are going to talk about an application that we developed to facilitate 
the monitoring of the integrations between SAP and Ariba, so For this, 
we developed our custom integration monitor. 
I will start providing some technical details and if you have any questions at any time 
feel free to ask me.
One of the main goals of this monitor is just in one screen see all documents integrated with Ariba. 
This kind of view developed on our monitor is easier than open a lots of
transactions to known if some integrations works or if not works what happens, 
what kind of data was sent to Ariba or was received by integration.

At the top of the page there are some filters. First, a filter to select whether 
you want to see all types of messages or just errors. 
You can also put a specific ID to filter on all records and 
a date range to select, click the apply button and the application  will find the corresponding data.
But How it works?
There are a program on SAP side scheduled to run every 30 minutes 
to update the data in our custom tables. This program reads all logs data 
saved by the integration with CI9 or CIG.  
Then when the apply button is clicked, the monitor search over these custom tables 
to get all information needed.

In the next section there are some charts. In the left part of the screen, the application 
shows a percentage of integrations completed with errors and success. On the right part, 
information about the SLP module is shown with all status in the registration, 
qualification and integration sections.

The next sections are divided by ariba modules, Starting with the sourcing.
The Sourcing requests created on ERP are listed here on this table, with the document's id, date and a link to get some details like the IDOC number, the XML file sent to Ariba and the document number created on Sourcing.
When the user clicks on the link he is redirected to the SAP Web pages and the information 
is displayed in a new tab. I will click to show an example. 
This visualization structure will repeat in all documents, with Id and links to get detailed information on a specific line. 
The next integration listed on our monitor is about the purchase orders and 
contracts created from sourcing
We have the id of document in sourcing and the status of the integration, 
with a link to get the XML file sent from Ariba
The next sourcing integration is about masterdata, and shows the date, status and link to get XML file sent to Ariba
The last Sourcing integration is about SLP environment, and shows all information returned from an Ariba API about status of each vendors, qualification, register and integration
--
Now begins integrations of commerce automation
The purchase orders created on ERP are listed here, with the order number, date and link to IDOC and XML file sent to Ariba. 
Shown below is the order confirmation interface. 
The first column shows the suppliers id, and the next columns shows the link to get the 
XML file and the link to the SAP document. 
The integration of supplier service sheet is similar to order confirmation, with the same type of information, but in this scenario 
the response interface is shown below. 
The latest integration of Ariba Network is the payments interface, with the document number and corresponding status.

Now is shown the information about buying integrations. 
The first is about the purchase requisitions created on Ariba and sent to ERP. For this integration the applications consumes an API to get information and show the number of requisitions, and some status, with an link to access the document on Ariba side.
Below is shown the import requisition interface, with purchase requisitions created on 
SAP and sent to Ariba. For this scenario on this customer, there is a custom table with 
specific status. The next integration is about purchase orders creation, 
with information from Ariba and the corresponding SAP order number.
And the latest information is about the master data integration. 
The first table shows the interface that sent data to Ariba and the other table shows 
the status of each process files on Ariba, with percentages and number of lines created, 
updated and deleted. This table is populated with data returned from an  API for Buying master data.

This is what we prepared to show for you today, then if you have some considerations or questions, let me know
or if you wanna comment about your scenario of monitoring, your specific needs

If no, Mara, are there other situations to we discuss today?

OBS
The version of this monitor is hosted directly in the SAP environment, 
so to access the application each user must have an SAP user.